I changed the original tic-tac-toe code to fit the requirements of the two-phase Chorus Lappilli game

In the original version, when a player clicked an empty square, X or O
would be placed based on the player's turn. The game continued until 
3 of the same symbols were placed in a row.

For the new version, the structure was the same but only 6 symbols total (3 from each)
were allowed to be placed. I then added logic to start a second phase of the game. During 
this phase, players would take turns moving their pieces from one position to another 
until one of them got 3 of their symbols in a row.

In order to do this i added new helper functions that counted the pieces on the board for 
each player so that it would know when the first phase was complete.

I also added a piece that would track the state of the game called selectedSquare. This was 
necessary because the program would need to know which X or O that the player wanted to move
as well as know where they wanted to place that piece. If they clicked a square that had no 
value in it, then the program would know that no piece was selected. 

The behavior handler was changed into two different handlers rather than one for this game. In
the original, the handler would always just check to see if it could place a symbol in the clicked
square. For the updated game it needed a placement handler as well as a movemenet handler for the 
second added function of the game. This movement handler basically checks to see if the user is on 
the first click or the second click of the move in order to know if they are selecting a piece to 
move or a block to move a piece to.

To validate the move that the player is trying to make, I added an adjacency-checking function. 
This version of tic-tac-toe requires the player to move one of their previously placed pieces to 
an adjacent and empty square. To do this, I compared the index of the piece that they picked to move
with the square that they are trying to move it to. This means that there is also some logic in order 
to determine if what they are trying to do is invalid.

The original calculateWinner function was mostly the same because the means in winning the game 
stayed the same. 

I also updated the status message logic to add in the different steps in the game like selecting a 
piece to move and selecting a position to move it to.

Lastly, I changing the square component so it can 